a little over a month ago I gave you
guys the first look at our upcoming land
gaming center Badminton Center and I
have some really exciting progress
updates to share with you guys check it
out the server room is now one Dan wider
so Dan here here here show the people
stack it stack it I am a server wreck
look at me being a server wreck and
watch this WOW Dan can go all the way
around this um this really would have
sucked let's show them what it would
have looked like before here's me a
server
r
yeah that's a real problem enough about
that though let's talk about what we're
going to put in it starting with ah yes
ubiquities udm Pro we're going to have
one of these for actually we're going to
have two of these oh God Jake's not
getting redundant internet again is he I
don't know I hope not I it's probably
two lines sure so we're going to have
two because they're going to be bonded
together so that we have redundancy and
failover I mean we're going to have 300
people here so you know we kind of don't
want it to fail right that's fair enough
and speaking of things we don't want to
fail our security system we're going
have how many of these 48 Port Poe
switches we're going to have 10 of these
just to deal with all of the poe that's
going everywhere cuz remember that every
single door needs like two of these and
every access point ACC God the speakers
dozens of
cameras everything and sorry Dan we're
going to have I think it's two of these
Enterprise XG 10 gig switches with 25
gig uplinks so yeah I believe these will
be our aggregation between the
downstairs and up here and then on top
of that we're also going to have another
two of these but instead of ethernet
they're laid out with SFP ports which
means that we can do 10 gig
everywhere this is so Overkill okay so
much more to show you guys and this
video is brought to you by narwhal
featuring their fro X Ultra combination
Robot vacuum and mop that will leave
your floors looking spotless without you
having to lift a finger and look at that
it's got Edge detection these trenches
were here before but what's new is now
they have the conduit that is going to
house power and Cat 6 and
now these openings are much larger which
was a costly expense thankfully not for
us because they underestimated the size
of these boxes and the reason I bet Mr
Daniel besser knows is because power and
networking don't mix don't mix and the
boxes needed to be bigger why even these
are the ones I'm actually way more
excited about each of these is going to
have cat 6 and an armored six strand
fiber uhoh actually those are just
duplex recepticles but Dan still right
we're going to be using the same style
of conduit in fact you can see all of it
is run up in the ceiling to run power
cat six and fiber for every one of these
rows of tables that is so Overkill you
wanted it come on man we'll talk about
that in a minute first let's have a look
at that fiber Dan assures me that this
is armored so I can just go to town with
this I'm I'm kidding I'm I just love
seeing the look on his face I know what
you're like I'll be careful it's fine
soe just relax Dan I can tell rela we're
going to cut it fiber doesn't need to be
this thick well it's as easy to run six
as it is one ah so we've got six strands
in here even though we will be using two
but that's for redundancy yeah well I
mean they're going to be public in there
and if they get kicked or damaged or
broken then we can just keep terminating
them instead of having to pull new stuff
right for now why don't we just take a
look at the inner guts can you yeah sure
if I can cut through it the nice thing
about having the armored fiber as well
as you can see it's like corrugated tube
it really protects it from that minimum
Bend radius as well it makes it really
difficult to kind of go past that uh and
because this is the uh the nice stuff
it's pretty flexible too uh okay cut cut
away from yourself thanks Dan it's good
stuff oh yeah yeah okay I've seen people
do this hey there we go right we have a
plastic sheath on the outside which kind
of protects this from scratching other
things then we have our armor which is
this nice corrugated metal really really
tough then we have our inner layer which
is kind of the actual fiber part you can
see it kind of moves around in there
there's a really tough plastic sheath on
top of that as well and then we have our
pull cord so this wraps around the
entire thing yeah and you can really
heave on that yeah you can really heave
on that when you get pre-made ones they
tie it off to a big eye and then you can
you can give her and then inside we have
our six fibers beautiful and these these
can Co up to I believe it's 24 or 48 and
again it's the same size no matter what
you get so it's just as easy to do six
as it is one and because it's glass and
not copper it's not really that much
more expensive doing this in Copper
would be like two or three times the
price right speaking of copper we also
have all of our ethernet all right let's
go look at it two or three times the
price oh on our way this is fun bonding
adhesive um and that is for this guy
right here Dan mm did you notice that uh
still pretty bad yeah this
yeah is all of the sprayon acoustic
treatment that is going to do the
ceilings of both sides meaning that when
you're on a cord or at a land party
you're going to be able to actually talk
to each other over a distance without it
just turning into a bunch of standing
wave
garbage this right here is pretty much
your bog standard cat 6A solid twisted
pair okay it always blows my mind how
how much of the stuff you end up putting
into an installation like this it's
really really hard to make sure that all
the runs are done now to be fair cuz I
think I'm getting called out right here
there was still 90 runs that I had to do
uh and then we changed it all no it's
not you no no no no I no this is
everyone Oh I thought you were calling
me out cuz I ordered like 2,000 boxes of
this stuff and then only used four it's
a very real concern when you're running
ethernet cable because while you could
take that half box and it'll probably
make it if you waste the time of running
it and you're 2 ft short that costs so
much more than just grabbing another box
and making sure that you definitely have
enough these all came from Phantom
cables and what is the total damage we
got 40 so we have 40,000 ft 40,000
40,000 ft can you imagine coming from
that end of the court all the way back
to the server room over there yeah it's
a lot of feet and then there's two in
everything there and then there's going
to be APS and speakers in the ceiling
and then it's a lot of runs I hope we're
going to have enough Dan's going to have
all the runs all of them they're mine I
did have food poisoning last
week I did not tell him to do that we're
going to talk about the paint splotches
and we're going to check in with Chase
who's working on a proof of concept for
our giant screen gaming setup that we're
going to have here but first we need to
check in with Adam oh don't mind me I'm
just here filming our sponsor narwhal we
brought the Freo X Ultra here to the
badmington land center to see how
capable it is in an absolute worst case
scen scenario and I got to say while
initially we had some concerns based on
that it took about an hour to map out
the room In fairness to it this room is
a disaster area it did do it and it
actually looks very accurate and we set
it a Zone to vacuum and then mop not
only did it figure it out get it pretty
clean it has dirt detection so it went
back to its base station rung itself out
and it is now doing a second pass I mean
I think the before and after kind of
speaks for itself here guys the Frio
Ultra X is equipped with 88,200 pascals
of suction power that will make easy
work of any large debris and thanks to
the cone-shaped spiral rubber heads and
50 tilted bristles on the Zero tangling
floating brush the freux ultra has an
SGS certified 0% hair tangling rate the
Dual spinning mops are made of
microfiber to better absorb stubborn
stains without scratching your floors
and uh I think the performance of them
really does speak for itself
the all-in-one station where the foo
Parks includes water exchange for both
dumping dirty water and giving it fresh
clean water Auto drying for the mops
heads Auto detergent filling self-
cleaning of those mob heads which uses
the same AI dirt sense feature that is
the reason that it's doing a second pass
on the floor super cool so it make sure
the heads are cleaned and checked during
the cleaning process using multiple
sensors and while the docking station
doesn't have a container for dust you
don't need to worry about emptying your
vacuums bin all the time thanks to a
special dust processing solution that
compacts the dust in your bin so you can
fit more in without clogging and it does
this at a surprisingly mild 71
DB now to answer your pressing questions
about the paint chase this is why we
couldn't use this wall for our projector
setup because we had to do 1 billion
paint swatches to determine the optimal
color for the walls in here we needed
something that hopefully wouldn't impact
the cast of the light too much but we
needed something that was high contrast
enough that you'd be able to easily
track a moving object against it so what
do you guys think what's your favorite
color what do we go with I like uh bwf
blue I think we should go with Toronto
Blue thank you the decision is already
made oh and it's neither of those it's
going to be this one what that blue
doesn't even have a
name bwf blue when we mocked it up and I
think he used Maya it looked like
cartoon land
oh yeah it's it's a lot you want a
serious blue for a serious sport yeah
and serious gaming absolutely I get
serious gaming we have the projector set
up let's go have a
look projector gaming Corner the point
is last time we did an update Chase gave
you guys an okay idea of what the
console gaming corner is going to look
like but we've got a more detailed view
or that's what we're trying to figure
out that's what we're trying trying to
figure out today so we actually have the
projectors we have the screens we don't
really have the best equipment as you
can tell but we're going to get there
this is a quality inflatable couch I
mean it's going to store so
small we really need that storage space
lonus happily kept that for like a
month I don't know if I was that happy
about it for our projector we've gone
with the Epson LS 1200b which was
recently liberated from my theater room
when I replaced it with the world's
largest television it's not a commercial
project by any stretch of the
imagination but for a residential
projector it's pretty darn bright it's
laser so it offers excellent contrast
and it is 4K 120 HZ which uh makes it
fantastic for gaming I just misaligned
it didn't I probably yeah I think we're
going to have to give some thought to
our mounting mechanism for this if you
guys if you guys move the couch then we
can just go between us yeah so during
the actual land we're going to have a
much taller projector cart that way it
doesn't actually no one's head is going
to get in the way plus we're going to
have it mounted to the wall using the
typical mounting system so what we'll be
able to do is just get it a little bit
higher so it won't interfere with anyone
so it should be
good kind of looks like ass but I have
an idea why do we have printer paper
here I don't know I was going to ask you
I think we were using it as a mouse pad
oh well why did you ask me why we have
it then I don't know all right hit it
boys
hey that's more like it man okay biggest
TV a little better this pretty freaking
awesome still all right let's
go oh god oh I just nated everyone oh
wow just killed two of our allies the
only real reason that we designed the
projector gaming Corner around a 120in
screen is because we happened to already
have one the one that used to be in my
theater room but it's possible that if
we just didn't use this
screen it might look fine anyway
honestly I'm not really convinced I see
that much of a difference hey do you
mind hitting the
lights I
mean that's freaking awesome of course
throw them back on for a
second that won't be the case once the
walls in here are all blue so what we've
got to decide today Chase is do we need
to invest in bigger projector screens
should we do a quick test and see if
we've got the lumens for it yeah we'll
give it a try Okay lights off again
let's see how big we can make this Adam
you ready I mean Chase let's get this
table out of here yeah start start
rolling Adam okay whoa whoa hold on a
second you know
what that's pretty usable still it is
Pitch Black in here though it is but
that's I mean it's going to be pretty
dark during a land okay question for you
this is not a lot of knits but with your
eyes adjusted to the dark is this usable
at this size this is like super usable
especially since the land is probably
going to be a similar Darkness anyways
so I don't think it's that big of an
issue how many inches are we okay what
are we at uh 195 195 in I think we can
go bigger let's go larger I mean you saw
the size of this wall right while we're
going bigger we're also going to go with
a bigger batter gaming system this is
packing oh my God is that a 4090 yeah
okay all right cool well we've got that
you want 4K gaming huh oh
that is a solid double the area we had
before I got to say guys still kind of
usable in it at this brightness yeah it
definitely doesn't have enough
brightness for convincing HDR at this
size yeah it's really you can see it
capping out with the highlights it just
like everything's just kind of white as
it can get it but it's still pretty yeah
it's still pretty good looking how big
is this like 400 in at this point
probably about 300 it's not even
completely dark in here like when we've
got the ceiling black which we will
you're going to get less Reflections
like if we want to cast you know
whatever is happening on you main stage
or whatever you're going to be able to
see this from the entire facility I'm
not going to lie I was really really
skeptical of this projector's
capabilities when you were like oh we'll
just use our home projectors for the
commercial space I was like it's not
going to work but uh laser yeah I was
wrong which doesn't mean that we can't
amp it up a notch I don't know if you
guys noticed but we kind kind of have
two of them let's get bright brighter
and bigger the first thing we're going
to do is we're going to try to go
brighter by aligning the outputs from
two projectors
simultaneously without software and
rigging this kind of thing is honestly
probably not going to work but hey I
want to give it a shot do we have this
sitting on anything or like I brought
pizzas of paper oh is that what the ream
of paper is for yeah making fine
adjustments I see hey there we go yo
this looks like that time I got
drunk here we go here we go here we go
here we
go this is really bizarre oh it looks
like watching a 3D movie but it don't
have glasses on um that actually is so
weird it does have like an actual 3d
effect almost if we were professionals
and we were able to align this thing it
could be significantly brighter I mean
that is a lot better maybe even HDR but
we are not professionals and that looks
awful and it's funny cuz this screen's
so massive but on this big wall it
doesn't really look that big oh I think
I see where you're going yeah Ultra wide
that we can do let's do it a scoot to
the side oh wow okay I mean I guess when
you have a 300 in screen you got to move
you know 300 in to the right freak okay
I'm working on it of course the point of
this isn't to watch the same movie twice
side by side but rather to use Envy
surround for Ultra widescreen gaming
this is by far the largest screen that I
have ever played do maternal
on dude this is surprisingly usable like
it really still looks quite good you
know what I will say though is I think
this is about as big as we can go unless
we could go brighter oh do you want to
try it absolutely just sitting you're
hogging in here we go you know what this
makes me think though this is a fraction
of the size of this wall what if we
could have a screen the size of the
entire
wall that looks
amazing okay
okay now All That Remains is to check in
with our friends from naral who
sponsored this video the fro X had no
issue mapping this room with those TR
laser sensors as well as its bumpers you
can learn more about the fre X Ultra at
the link in the video description or by
searching them up on Google or Amazon
and if you take advantage of our link
below you can get $300 off the frox
ultra if you guys enjoyed this video why
not check out the world's largest TV
okay it's not as big as those projectors
but it's still pretty big you can just
sit closer